Replace `cross-spawn` with `tinyexec` and linting changes (#1607)
seek-oss/sku: .changeset/hip-jobs-bathe.md

---
'sku': major
---

`lint`: Skip the TypeScript check when file paths are provided

Previously, `sku lint <path>` ran ESLint and Prettier on the given paths but still ran TypeScript across the *entire project*. This is because TypeScript ignores your `tsconfig.json` when filenames are passed explicitly, so the check can't be scoped to a single path.

> Since linting a path should only lint that path, `sku` now skips the TypeScript check entirely when a file path is provided. To type-check as well, run `tsc` manually first:

Reviewer: We want to remove the typecheck because it's unexpected, which is _sort of_ what this says, but "linting a path should only lint that path" feels very circular IMO.

```suggestion
This unexpected behaviour has now been removed: `sku` now skips the TypeScript check entirely when a file path is provided. To replicate the previous behaviour, run `tsc` manually first:
```

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "lint-path": "tsc && sku lint <path>"
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: Would this make more sense as a diff/migration guide?

````suggestion
```diff
{
  "scripts": {
-    "lint-path": "sku lint <path>"
+    "lint-path": "tsc && sku lint <path>"
  }
}
```
````

Author: Yea, I like it
